[Maintenance] Enhance and Reorganize Upgrade Files (#15947)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.13.md

### PHP 8.1 support

Sylius 1.13 comes with a bump of minimum PHP version to 8.1. We strongly advice to make upgrade process step by step,

> so it is highly recommended updating your PHP version being still on Sylius 1.12. After ensuring, that previous step
> succeed, you may move forward to the Sylius 1.13 update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so it is highly recommended to update your PHP version while being still on Sylius 1.12. After ensuring, that the previous step
succeeds, you may move forward to the Sylius 1.13 update.
```

### Symfony support

> In Sylius 1.13, the minimum supported version of Symfony 6 has been bumped up to 6.4. Sylius 1.13 supports both
> long-term supported Symfony versions: 5.4 and 6.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum supported version of Symfony 6 has been bumped up to 6.4.
Sylius 1.13 supports both long-term supported Symfony versions: 5.4 and 6.4.
```

### Price History Plugin

> Starting with Sylius 1.13, the [SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin](https://github.com/Sylius/PriceHistoryPlugin) is included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Sylius 1.13, the functionality of [SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin](https://github.com/Sylius/PriceHistoryPlugin) is included in Core.
```

### PHP 8.1 support

Sylius 1.13 comes with a bump of minimum PHP version to 8.1. We strongly advice to make upgrade process step by step,
so it is highly recommended to update your PHP version while being still on Sylius 1.12. After ensuring, that the
previous step succeeds, you may move forward to the Sylius 1.13 update.

### Symfony support

The minimum supported version of Symfony 6 has been bumped up to 6.4.
Sylius 1.13 supports both long-term supported Symfony versions: 5.4 and 6.4.

### Price History Plugin

Starting with Sylius 1.13, the functionality of [SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin](https://github.com/Sylius/PriceHistoryPlugin)
is included in Core.
If you are currently using the plugin in your project, we recommend following the upgrade guide
located [here](UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13.md).

## Main update

To ease the update process, we have grouped the changes into the following categories:

### Constructors signature

> 1. The constructor of `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\MessageHandler\Admin\Account\SendResetPasswordEmailHandler` has been

Reviewer: Two ways to go about this:
1. Keep this phrasing + diff and apply it to every item in this section.
2. Change these in favour of `(not) passing x as the n argument of is deprecated blah blah blah` and remove the diffs

Right now a few show the changes, while all the others only describe it briefly.
I'm in favour of 1. since it's easier to understand at a glance, but that's much more work so I'm leaving the decision hanging for now.

1. Not passing an instance
   of `Sylius\Component\Core\Payment\Remover\OrderPaymentsRemoverInterface $orderPaymentsRemover`
   and a collection of unprocessable order states to `Sylius\Component\Core\OrderProcessing\OrderPaymentProcessor`
   as the third and fourth arguments respectively is deprecated.

1. Not passing an instance
   of `Sylius\Component\Core\Distributor\ProportionalIntegerDistributorInterface $proportionalIntegerDistributor`
   to `Sylius\Component\Core\Taxation\Applicator\OrderItemsTaxesApplicator` and
   to `Sylius\Component\Core\Taxation\Applicator\OrderItemUnitsTaxesApplicator`
   as the last argument is deprecated.

1. Passing an instance
   of `Sylius\Component\Resource\Translation\Provider\TranslationLocaleProviderInterface $localeProvider` as the
   first constructor argument
   to `Sylius\Bundle\AttributeBundle\Form\Type\AttributeType\Configuration\SelectAttributeChoicesCollectionType` has
   been deprecated.

1. Not passing a `Symfony\Component\Routing\RouterInterface $router`
   to `Sylius\Bundle\AdminBundle\Controller\ImpersonateUserController` as the fourth argument is
   deprecated and will be prohibited in Sylius 2.0.

> ### Interfaces and Classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Interfaces, Classes and Services
```

   and `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Mailer\OrderEmailManagerInterface` instead.

1. Class `Sylius\Bundle\ProductBundle\Form\Type\ProductOptionChoiceType` has been deprecated.
   Use `Sylius\Bundle\ProductBundle\Form\Type\ProductOptionAutocompleteType` instead.

1. Interface `Sylius\Bundle\ShopBundle\Calculator\OrderItemsSubtotalCalculatorInterface` and
   class `Sylius\Bundle\ShopBundle\Twig\OrderItemsSubtotalExtension` responsible for the `sylius_order_items_subtotal`
   twig function have been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0.
   Use the `::getItemsSubtotal()` method from the `Order` class instead.

1. Interface `Sylius\Component\Core\Promotion\Updater\Rule\ProductAwareRuleUpdaterInterface` has been deprecated and
   will be removed in Sylius 2.0.

1. Both `getCreatedByGuest` and `setCreatedByGuest` methods were deprecated
   on `Sylius\Component\Core\Model\OrderInterface`.
   Please use `isCreatedByGuest` instead of the first one. The latter is a part of the `setCustomerWithAuthorization`
   logic and should be used only this way.

1. The `Sylius\Bundle\ShippingBundle\Provider\Calendar` and `Sylius\Bundle\ShippingBundle\Provider\DateTimeProvider`

>    have been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0. Use `Symfony\Component\Clock\Clock` instead.

Reviewer: Maybe also add a note in misc that the usage of `sylius/calendar` is minimised as we're switching to `symfony/clock` globally.

1. Since catalog promotion action and scope validations have been rewritten to be more inline with symfony, the previous
   abstraction has been deprecated. This includes:
    - `Sylius\Bundle\PromotionBundle\Validator\CatalogPromotionAction\ActionValidatorInterface`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\PromotionBundle\Validator\CatalogPromotionScope\ScopeValidatorInterface`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\PromotionBundle\Validator\CatalogPromotionActionValidator`

>     - `Sylius\Bundle\PromotionBundle\Validator\CatalogPromotionScopeValidator`

Reviewer: Maybe we should have a separate section for architectural changes?
This would probably also apply to points at lines 237, 262, 286, 335 and 347

1. Class `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Checker\Rule\CartQuantityRuleChecker` has been deprecated.
   Use `Sylius\Component\Core\Promotion\Checker\Rule\CartQuantityRuleChecker` instead.

1. Class `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Checker\Rule\ItemTotalRuleChecker` has been deprecated.
   Use `Sylius\Component\Core\Promotion\Checker\Rule\ItemTotalRuleChecker` instead.

1. Using `parentId` query parameter to generate slug in `Sylius\Bundle\TaxonomyBundle\Controller\TaxonSlugController`
   has been deprecated.

>    Use the `parentCode` query parameter instead.

Reviewer: Not a class/interface change

    * instead of `Sylius\Component\Core\Provider\ProductVariantsPricesProviderInterface`
      use `Sylius\Component\Core\Provider\ProductVariantMap\ProductVariantsMapProviderInterface`
    * instead of `Sylius\Component\Core\Provider\ProductVariantsPricesProvider`
      use `Sylius\Component\Core\Provider\ProductVariantMap\ProductVariantsPricesMapProvider`
    * instead of `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Templating\Helper\ProductVariantsPricesHelper`
      use `Sylius\Component\Core\Provider\ProductVariantMap\ProductVariantsPricesMapProvider`
    * instead of `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Twig\ProductVariantsPricesExtension`
      use `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Twig\ProductVariantsMapExtension`

   Subsequently, the `sylius_product_variant_prices` twig function is deprecated, use `sylius_product_variants_map`
   instead.

   To add more data per variant create a service implementing
   the `Sylius\Component\Core\Provider\ProductVariantMap\ProductVariantMapProviderInterface` and tag it
   with `sylius.product_variant_data_map_provider`.

1. The `Regex` constraint has been removed from `Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country` in favour of the `Country`
   constraint.

>    Due to that, it's translation message `sylius.country.code.regex` was also removed.

Reviewer: Doesn't seem like a class/interface change

    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\InformAboutGUSCommand`
      to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\InformAboutGUSCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\InstallAssetsCommand`
      to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\InstallAssetsCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\InstallCommand` to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\InstallCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\InstallDatabaseCommand`
      to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\InstallDatabaseCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\InstallSampleDataCommand`
      to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\InstallSampleDataCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\JwtConfigurationCommand`
      to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\JwtConfigurationCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\SetupCommand` to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\SetupCommand`
    - `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Command\ShowAvailablePluginsCommand`
      to `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Console\Command\ShowAvailablePluginsCommand`

1. The `sylius_admin_ajax_taxon_move` route has been deprecated. If you're relaying on it, consider migrating to new

>    `sylius_admin_ajax_taxon_move_up` and `sylius_admin_ajax_taxon_move_down` routes.

Reviewer: Not a class/interface change

1. The `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Fixture\Factory\PaymentFixture` has been deprecated.
   Use `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Fixture\PaymentFixture` instead.

1. The `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Provider\SessionProvider` has been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0.

1. The `sylius.http_message_factory` service has been deprecated. Use `Psr\Http\Message\RequestFactoryInterface`
   instead.

1. Product variants resolving has been refactored for better extendability.

>    The tag `sylius.product_variant_resolver.default` has been removed as it was never used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The tag `sylius.product_variant_resolver.default` has been removed as it was never used.
   To register a custom variant resolver use the tag `sylius.product_variant_resolver` with a fitting priority.
```

   `sylius.product_variant_resolver.default` service apply this change accordingly.

1. The `Sylius\Component\Addressing\Repository\ZoneRepositoryInterface` and
   `Sylius\Bundle\AddressingBundle\Repository\ZoneRepository` were added.
   If you created a custom `Zone` repository, you should update it to extend
   the `Sylius\Bundle\AddressingBundle\Repository\ZoneRepository`

1. Sylius 2.0 will introduce a significant restructuring of our class system to enhance efficiency and clarity. The
   changes are as follows:
    - `Message` will be migrated to `Command`.
    - `MessageDispatcher` will be migrated to `CommandDispatcher`.
    - `MessageHandler` will be migrated to `CommandHandler`.
    - Example: Within the `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle`, the `MessageHandler\ResendOrderConfirmationEmailHandler` class
      will be migrated to `CommandHandler\ResendOrderConfirmationEmailHandler`. This pattern will be mirrored across
      other bundles in the system.

1. The `sylius.http_client` has become an alias to `psr18.http_client` service.

1. The `sylius.payum.http_client` has become a service ID of newly

>    created `Sylius\Bundle\PayumBundle\HttpClient\HttpClient`.

Reviewer: Maybe move these 2 points close to the `sylius.http_message_factory` they sound somewhat related

### PHP 8.1 support

Sylius 1.13 comes with a bump of minimum PHP version to 8.1. We strongly advice to make upgrade process step by step,
so it is highly recommended updating your PHP version being still on Sylius 1.12. After ensuring, that previous step
succeed,

> you may move forward to the Sylius 1.13 update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
succeed, you may move forward to the Sylius 1.13 update.
```

### Symfony support

In Sylius 1.13, the minimum supported version of Symfony 6 has been bumped up to 6.4. Sylius 1.13 supports both
long-term

> supported Symfony versions: 5.4 and 6.4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
long-term supported Symfony versions: 5.4 and 6.4.
```

   interface `Sylius\Bundle\ShopBundle\EmailManager\OrderEmailManagerInterface`
   have been deprecated, use `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Mailer\OrderEmailManager`
   and `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Mailer\OrderEmailManagerInterface` instead.

1. Class `Sylius\Bundle\ProductBundle\Form\Type\ProductOptionChoiceType` has been deprecated.
   Use `Sylius\Bundle\ProductBundle\Form\Type\ProductOptionAutocompleteType` instead.

1. Interface `Sylius\Bundle\ShopBundle\Calculator\OrderItemsSubtotalCalculatorInterface` and
   class `Sylius\Bundle\ShopBundle\Twig\OrderItemsSubtotalExtension` responsible for the `sylius_order_items_subtotal`
   twig function have been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0.
   Use the `::getItemsSubtotal()` method from the `Order` class instead.

1. Interface `Sylius\Component\Core\Promotion\Updater\Rule\ProductAwareRuleUpdaterInterface` has been deprecated and
   will be removed in Sylius 2.0.

1. Both `getCreatedByGuest` and `setCreatedByGuest` methods were deprecated
   on `Sylius\Component\Core\Model\OrderInterface`.
   Please use `isCreatedByGuest` instead of the first one. The latter is a part of the `setCustomerWithAuthorization`

>    logic
>    and should be used only this way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   logic and should be used only this way.
```

   with `sylius.product_variant_data_map_provider`.

1. Interface `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Generator\PromotionCouponGeneratorInstructionInterface` has been refactored and
   is now deprecated. It now extends a new
   interface `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Generator\PromotionCouponGeneratorInstructionReadInterface`, which contains
   only getter methods.
    - If your services or custom implementations previously relied
      on `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Generator\PromotionCouponGeneratorInstructionInterface` for
      read operations, you should now
      use `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Generator\PromotionCouponGeneratorInstructionReadInterface` for better clarity and
      separation of concerns.
    - This change is backward compatible as long as your implementations or services were using only the getter methods
      from `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Generator\PromotionCouponGeneratorInstructionInterface`. However, if you also
      utilized setter methods, you should
      continue using `Sylius\Component\Promotion\Generator\PromotionCouponGeneratorInstructionInterface`.

> 1. Moved classes from `Command` to `Console\Command`. The `Command` namespace is deprecated for console command classes
>    and will be removed in Sylius 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All console commands have been moved from `Command` to `Console\Command`.
   The `Command` namespace is considered deprecated for console commands
   and will only be used for CQRS-related commands starting with Sylius 2.0.
```
We're not necessarily removing the `Command` directory

Author: https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/pull/15947

   in `src/Sylius/Bundle/CoreBundle/Resources/config/validation/PromotionRule.xml` and managed via the new validation
   groups parameters in the configuration.

1. A new parameter has been added to specify the validation groups for given gateway factory. If you have any custom
   validation groups for your factory, you need to add them to your `config/packages/_sylius.yaml` file. Also, if you
   have your own gateway factory and want to add your validation groups you can add another entry to
   the `validation_groups` configuration node. It is handled
   by `Sylius\Bundle\PayumBundle\Validator\GroupsGenerator\GatewayConfigGroupsGenerator` and it resolves the groups
   based on the passed factory name:
    ```yaml
    sylius_payum:
        gateway_config:
            validation_groups:
                paypal_express_checkout:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_paypal_express_checkout'
                stripe_checkout:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_stripe_checkout'
                your_gateway:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'your_custom_validation_group'
    ```

> 1. There have been a naw parameters added to specify the validation groups for given shipping method rule and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. New parameters have been added to specify the validation groups for a given shipping method rule and
```

   calculator.

>    If you have any custom validation groups for your calculator or rules, you need to add them to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have any custom validation groups for your calculators or rules, you need to add them to
```

        shipping_method_rule:
            validation_groups:
                total_weight_greater_than_or_equal:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_shipping_method_rule_total_weight'
                order_total_greater_than_or_equal:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_shipping_method_rule_order_total'
                your_shipping_method_rule:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'your_custom_validation_group'
        shipping_method_calculator:
            validation_groups:
                flat_rate:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_shipping_method_calculator_rate'
                per_unit_rate:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_shipping_method_calculator_rate'
                your_shipping_method_calculator:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'your_custom_validation_group'
    ```

# State Machine

1. Starting with Sylius `1.13` we provided a possibility to use the Symfony Workflow as your State Machine. To allow a
   smooth transition we created a new package called `sylius/state-machine-abstraction`, which provides a configurable

>    abstraction, allowing you to define which adapter should be used (Winzou State Machine or Symfony Workflow) per
>    graph. Starting with Sylius `1.13` we configure all existing Sylius' graphs to use the Symfony Workflow. At the same
>    time, all other graphs are using Winzou State Machine as a default state machine, and must be configured manually to
>    use the Symfony Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   abstraction, allowing you to define which adapter should be used (Winzou State Machine or Symfony Workflow) per graph.
   We have configured all existing Sylius graphs to be usable with the Symfony Workflow out of the box.
   Winzou State Machine is still the default state machine for all graphs, but you can switch to Symfony Workflow via configuration.
```

   Configuration:
    ```yaml
    sylius_state_machine_abstraction:
        graphs_to_adapters_mapping:
            <graph_name>: <adapter_name>
            # e.g.
            sylius_order_checkout: symfony_workflow # available adapters: symfony_workflow, winzou_state_machine
   
        # we can also can the default adapter
        default_adapter: symfony_workflow # winzou_state_machine is a default value here
    ```

>    > **Note!** Starting with Sylius `2.0` the Symfony Workflow will be the default state machine for all graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Starting with Sylius `2.0` Symfony Workflow will be the default state machine for all graphs.
```

1. In the `sylius_payment` state machine of `PaymentBundle`, there has been a change in the state name:
    - State name change:
        - From: `void`
        - To: `unknown`

1. In the `sylius_payment` state machine of `PaymentBundle`, a new state `authorized` has been introduced, along with a
   new transition:
    - Transition `authorize`:
        - From states: [`new`, `processing`]
        - To state: `authorized`

   Due to that the following transitions have been updated:
    - Transition `complete`:
        - From states: [`new`, `processing`, `authorized`]
        - To state: `completed`
    - Transition `fail`:
        - From states: [`new`, `processing`, `authorized`]
        - To state: `failed`
    - Transition `cancel`:
        - From states: [`new`, `processing`, `authorized`]
        - To state: `cancelled`
    - Transition `void`:
        - From states: [`new`, `processing`, `authorized`]
        - To state: `unknown`

1. The `sylius_payment` state machine of `CoreBundle` has been updated to allow failing an authorized payment:
    ```diff
        fail:
    -       from: [new, processing]
    +       from: [new, processing, authorized]

>             to: failed

Reviewer: Remove the diff and align the way it's written with the points above

    ```

> 1. To ease customization we've introduced attributes for some services in `1.13`:

Reviewer: Should be in the `Configuration` section

    - `Sylius\Bundle\OrderBundle\Attribute\AsCartContext` for cart contexts
    - `Sylius\Bundle\OrderBundle\Attribute\AsOrderProcessor` for order processors
    - `Sylius\Bundle\ProductBundle\Attribute\AsProductVariantResolver` for product variant resolvers

   By default, Sylius still configures them using interfaces, but this way you cannot define a priority.
   If you want to define a priority, you need to set the following configuration in your `_sylius.yaml` file:
   ```yaml
   sylius_core:
       autoconfigure_with_attributes: true
   ```
   and use one of the new attributes accordingly to the type of your class, e.g.:

>    ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```php
```
There is no diff here

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\OrderProcessor;

    use Sylius\Bundle\OrderBundle\Attribute\AsOrderProcessor;
    use Sylius\Component\Order\Model\OrderInterface;
    use Sylius\Component\Order\Processor\OrderProcessorInterface;

    #[AsOrderProcessor(/*priority: 10*/)] //priority is optional
    final class OrderProcessorWithAttributeStub implements OrderProcessorInterface
    {
        public function process(OrderInterface $order): void
        {
        }
    }
   ```

> ### Translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Translations
```

                    - 'your_custom_validation_group'
        shipping_method_calculator:
            validation_groups:
                flat_rate:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_shipping_method_calculator_rate'
                per_unit_rate:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'sylius_shipping_method_calculator_rate'
                your_shipping_method_calculator:
                    - 'sylius'
                    - 'your_custom_validation_group'
    ```

# State Machine

1. We have configured all existing Sylius graphs to be usable with the Symfony Workflow out of the box.
   Winzou State Machine is still the default state machine for all graphs, but you can switch to Symfony Workflow via
   configuration:

    ```yaml
    sylius_state_machine_abstraction:
        graphs_to_adapters_mapping:
            <graph_name>: <adapter_name>
            # e.g.
            sylius_order_checkout: symfony_workflow # available adapters: symfony_workflow, winzou_state_machine
   
        # we can also can the default adapter
        default_adapter: symfony_workflow # winzou_state_machine is a default value here
    ```

>    Starting with `Sylius 2.0` Symfony Workflow will be the default state machine for all graphs.

Reviewer 3: Actually, that paragraph is false. In `1.13` we switched all internal state machines to Workflow, with a possibility to revert that. Starting with `Sylius 2.0` we'll offer only Symfony Workflow and (probably) we'll remove the abstraction.

                    subject: 'Email address verification'
   ```

### Miscellaneous

1. Using Guzzle 6 has been deprecated in favor of Symfony HTTP Client. If you want to still use Guzzle 6 or Guzzle 7,
   you need to install `composer require php-http/guzzle6-adapter` or `composer require php-http/guzzle7-adapter`
   depending on your Guzzle version.
   Subsequently, you need to register the adapter as a `Psr\Http\Client\ClientInterface` service as the following:
    ```yaml
        services:
            Psr\Http\Client\ClientInterface:
                class: Http\Adapter\Guzzle7\Client # for Guzzle 6 use Http\Adapter\Guzzle6\Client instead
    ```

1. The `payum/payum` package has been replaced by concrete packages like `payum/core`, `payum/offline`
   or `payum/paypal-express-checkout-nvp`. If you need any other component so far provided by `payum/payum` package, you

>    need to install it explicitly.

Reviewer: Having a `Dependencies` section could be nice, though I don't know if we had a lot of them

1. PostgreSQL migration support has been introduced. If you are using PostgreSQL, we assume that you have already
   created a database schema in some way.
   All you need to do is run migrations, which will mark all migrations created before Sylius 1.13 as executed.

1. We have explicitly added relationships between product and reviews and between product and attributes in XML
   mappings.

>    Because of that, the subscribers `Sylius\Bundle\AttributeBundle\Doctrine\ORM\Subscriber\LoadMetadataSubscriber`
>    and `Sylius\Bundle\ReviewBundle\Doctrine\ORM\Subscriber\LoadMetadataSubscriber` have changed so that it does not add
>    a relationship if one already exists. If you have overwritten or decorated it, there may be a need to update it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Because of that, the subscribers `Sylius\Bundle\AttributeBundle\Doctrine\ORM\Subscriber\LoadMetadataSubscriber`
   and `Sylius\Bundle\ReviewBundle\Doctrine\ORM\Subscriber\LoadMetadataSubscriber` have been modified so they do not add
   a relationship if one already exists. If you have overwritten or decorated it, there may be a need to update it.
```
